What type of information is available on the Desktop and Taskbar?

* This PC
* Recycle Bin
* Network
* Control Panel
* User files or Documents
* Shortcuts



Name a few applications listed in the Start Menu.

* Edge
* Outlook
* Calculator 
* Clock
* Notepad
* Microsoft 365



Right-click an application or a Windows tile from within the Start Menu. 

Question: 

What are some of the available options?

* Move right 
* Create a new app folder
* Unpin from Start
* Run as administrator 
* Open file location
* Unpin from taskbar
* New window 
* New InPrivate window



What are the available options in the Taskbar settings?

1. Paste
2. Undo
3. Select All



What are the available options in the Task View settings?

1. Show or hide the Task View button.
2. Choose what Alt + Tab shows.
3. Decide whether virtual desktops show windows from just the current desktop or all desktops.



Open the same application in Desktop 2 that was opened in Desktop 1. 

What happened?

Have 2 different desktops that have to non connected applications opened.



The Notification area on the right edge of the Taskbar provides system information. List some examples of system information below.

Time and date

* Battery status 
* Network/Wi-Fi status
* Volume level
* Security/antivirus alerts
* Windows updates notifications
* Bluetooth status
* Action Center notifications



In Notification \& actions Settings, you can:

* Turn notifications on or off for apps and system
* Choose which quick actions appear in the Action Center
* Customize notification banners, sounds, and priority
* Manage notifications from specific apps
