To force the web browser to close, highlight the browser, and click End task. 

What happened?

The application which i selected was instantly closed



Open the web browser again. Right-click the web browser in the Task Manager. 

What options are available? 



* **Expand**
* **End task** 
* **Resource values**
* **Provide feedback**
* **Search online**

The list above includes only available options that i can click on



What statuses are listed? 

Running and Suspended



What are the available actions that can be taken? 

* **End task**
* **End process tree**
* **Provide feedback**
* **Efficiency mode**
* **Set priority**
* **set affinity**
* **UAC virtualization**
* **Create memory dump file**
* **Open file location**
* **Search online** 
* **Properties** 
* **Go to service**



What is the current utilization of the CPU? 

its 67%



How many streams of instructions (i.e. Threads) are currently running? 

1673(Threads)



How many Apps, Background processes, and Windows processes (i.e Processes) are currently running?

155 processes



What is the total physical memory (MB)?

4000MB



What is the available physical memory (MB)? 

990MB



How much physical memory (MB) is being used by the computer?

3.0GB(170MB)

&nbsp;

What is the link speed? What type of Ethernet Adapter is in use on this computer?

24.0 Kbps and Intel(R) PRO/1000 MT Desktop Adapter



What type of network connection (i.e Connection type) is in use?

Ethernet



What is the IPv4 address of the PC?

10.0.2.15



What effect does this have on the columns?

It sorts the processes by memory usage (ascending - descending)



What affect does this have on the Memory column? And How could this be useful?

The Memory column changes to show memory usage as a percentage of total RAM.

This is useful for quickly seeing which processes use the most memory relative to the system’s total capacity.



The listed processes are divided by categories. What categories are listed? 

Apps and Background Processes.



Right-click a username. What are the available options?

* Expand 
* Disconnect
* Manage user account 



List the available options below.

* Publisher
* Status
* Startup impact
* Startup type 
* Disk 1/0 at startup
* CPU at startup
* Running now
* Disabled time 
* Command line



What type of information can you get from this list?

You can see each apps CPU time, network usage, and memory usage over time.



Why is it important for an administrator to understand how to work within the Task Manager?

Because it allows the administrator to monitor system performance, manage running processes, troubleshoot issues, and control resource usage





