What happened with Folder1 and Folder2 on the Desktop?

Folder2 moved into Folder1 so Folder2 is no longer visible on the desktop.



What is the file extension for the text document?

File extension for a text document is .txt



Make a copy of the text document and place it in Folder2. 

How would you do it? 

I right-click on the text document and select Copy and Paste it inside the Folder2.



What are the attributes associated with this file? 

Read-only and Hidden



What is the complete path to Folder3?

C:\\Users\\Aleksei250608\\Desktop\\Folder1\\Folder2



Which directories are listed under Quick access?

* Desktop
* Documents
* Music
* Folder1
* Downloads
* Pictures
* Videos
* Folder2



Drag and drop Folder1 onto Quick access if it is not already listed under Quick access. 

What happened? Why would you want to do this?

1. Folder1 was added as a shortcut in Quick access.
2. So you can open Folder1 quickly without navigating through multiple folders.



What are folders listed in the Local Disk (C:)?

* inetpub
* PerfLogs
* Program Files
* Program Files(86)
* Users
* Windows
* vboxpostinstall.log



Open the folder associated with your username. 

Were you able to open it? Explain. 

Yes, could open the Folder with my Username on it



Open the Public folder. List all the folders in the directory. 

* Public Documents
* Public Downloads
* Public Music
* Public Pictures
* Public Videos



Which folders or files listed under the Libraries heading?

* Documents
* Pictures
* Music
* Videos



How would you remove the directory of Folder1 from the library without deleting Folder1 and its contents from the computer? 

1. Open File Explorer.
2. In the left sidebar, under Quick access, find Folder1.
3. Right-click on Folder1.
4. Choose Unpin from Quick access.











